vdir: add page (#2781)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vdir.md

# vdir

> List directory contents.
> Drop-in replacement for `ls -l`.

> - List files in the current directory, one per line, with details:

Reviewer: So this doesn't list subdirectories?

Author: Nope, it doesn't. It is a drop-in replacement for `ls -l` as I said. See: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14198070/52825856-b596f700-30be-11e9-9009-efff1b741899.png)

Reviewer: Ah, by "subdirectories" I meant whether it listed directories that are subdirectories fot he directory that you're listing the contents of.  By that screenshot it looks like it does.

Author: @sbrl Oh, yeah, it does! Do you think examples would be better rewritten saying "files and directories" instead of just "files" everywhere?

Reviewer: Ah, I see. I think it would probably be clearer if we did use `files and directories` in this instance.

Author: You're right, pushed a reword.

`vdir`

> - List files with size displayed using human readable units (KB, MB, GB):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- List files with sizes displayed in human readable units (KB, MB, GB):
```

Author: I just used the same wording [as the `ls` command](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/common/ls.md), but yeah I guess this could be updated if you think is clearer. It is clear either way to me so I can go with whichever you prefer.

Reviewer: I think my suggestion is a little clearer.

Author: Applied :+1:
